Cross-platform cryptography guide update for .NET 10 (#49615)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/security/cross-platform-cryptography.md

|--------------------------------------------------------------|---------|---------------|-----------------|-------------------------|-----------------|
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSACryptoServiceProvider> | ✔️     | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ⚠️<sup>1</sup>          | ⚠️<sup>1</sup>  |
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSACng>                   | ✔️     | ❌             | ❌             | ❌                      | ❌              |
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSAOpenSsl>               | ❌     | ✔️             | ❌<sup>2</sup> | ❌                      | ❌              |

<sup>1</sup> On non-Windows, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSACryptoServiceProvider> can be used for compatibility with existing programs. In that case, any method that requires OS interop, such as opening a named key, throws a <xref:System.PlatformNotSupportedException>.

> <sup>2</sup> On macOS, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSAOpenSsl> worked if OpenSSL was installed and an appropriate libcrypto dylib could be found via dynamic library loading. This support was removed in .NET 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>2</sup> On macOS and prior to .NET 10, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSAOpenSsl> worked if OpenSSL was installed and an appropriate libcrypto dylib could be found via dynamic library loading. This support was removed in .NET 10.
```

| Type                                             | Windows | Linux | macOS | iOS, tvOS, MacCatalyst | Android |
|--------------------------------------------------|---------|-------|-------|------------------------|---------|
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDsaCng>     | ✔️      | ❌   | ❌    | ❌                     | ❌      |
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDsaOpenSsl> | ❌      | ✔️   | ❌\*  | ❌                     | ❌      |

> \* On macOS, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDsaOpenSsl> worked if OpenSSL was installed and an appropriate libcrypto dylib could be found via dynamic library loading. This support was removed in .NET 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* On macOS and prior to .NET 10, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDsaOpenSsl> worked if OpenSSL was installed and an appropriate libcrypto dylib could be found via dynamic library loading. This support was removed in .NET 10.
```

|--------------------------------------------------------------|---------|----------------|-----------------|------------------------|----------------|
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSACryptoServiceProvider> | ✔️      | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ⚠️<sup>1</sup>  | ❌                    | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> |
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSACng>                   | ✔️      | ❌             | ❌              | ❌                    | ❌             |
| <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSAOpenSsl>               | ❌      | ✔️             | ❌<sup>2</sup>  | ❌                    | ❌             |

<sup>1</sup> On non-Windows, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSACryptoServiceProvider> can be used for compatibility with existing programs. In that case, any method that requires system interop, such as opening a named key, throws a <xref:System.PlatformNotSupportedException>.

> <sup>2</sup> On macOS, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSAOpenSsl> worked if OpenSSL was installed and an appropriate libcrypto dylib could be found via dynamic library loading. This support was removed in .NET 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>2</sup> On macOS, prior to .NET 10, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSAOpenSsl> worked if OpenSSL was installed and an appropriate libcrypto dylib could be found via dynamic library loading. This support was removed in .NET 10.
```

> ## Post-quantum Cryptography

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Post-quantum cryptography
```

> Post-quantum algorithms are available starting in .NET 10, and are available for .NET Framework using the Microsoft.Bcl.Cryptography NuGet package. The following support table indicates the platform support for the built-in operating system cryptographic components, such as those created from `Generate` or `ImportFromPem`. Implementations that derive from the base class may have different support behaviors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Post-quantum algorithms are available starting in .NET 10. They're also available for .NET Framework using the Microsoft.Bcl.Cryptography NuGet package. The following support table indicates the platform support for the built-in operating system cryptographic components, such as those created from `Generate` or `ImportFromPem`. Implementations that derive from the base class might have different support behaviors.
```

| Algorithm           | Windows | Linux          | Apple | Android | Browser |
|---------------------|---------|----------------|-------|---------|---------|
| SLH-DSA-SHA2-128f   | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHA2-128s   | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHA2-192f   | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHA2-192s   | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHA2-256f   | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHA2-256s   | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHAKE-128f  | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHAKE-128s  | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHAKE-192f  | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHAKE-192s  | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHAKE-256f  | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |
| SLH-DSA-SHAKE-256s  | ❌      | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌       |

#### Native Interop SLH-DSA

* <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.SlhDsaOpenSsl>: OpenSSL 3.5.0+

> * <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.SlhDsaCng>: Not Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.SlhDsaCng>: Not supported
```

| MLDSA65-ECDSA-P384-SHA512              | Windows 11 Insiders (Latest)  | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA65-ECDSA-brainpoolP256r1-SHA512   | Windows 11 Insiders (Latest)  | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA65-Ed25519-SHA512                 | ❌                            | ❌             | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA87-ECDSA-P384-SHA512              | Windows 11 Insiders (Latest)  | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA87-ECDSA-brainpoolP384r1-SHA512   | Windows 11 Insiders (Latest)  | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA87-Ed448-SHAKE256                 | ❌                            | ❌             | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA87-RSA3072-PSS-SHA512             | Windows 11 Insiders (Latest)  | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA87-RSA4096-PSS-SHA512             | Windows 11 Insiders (Latest)  | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |
| MLDSA87-ECDSA-P521-SHA512              | Windows 11 Insiders (Latest)  | OpenSSL 3.5.0+ | ❌    | ❌      | ❌      |

#### Native Interop Composite ML-DSA

> * <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.CompositeMLDsaCng>: Not Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.CompositeMLDsaCng>: Not supported
```
